[dramatic orchestral music playing]
[creatures shrieking]
[screaming]
[creatures snarling]
[distant screaming]
[whimpering]
[growls]
[woman screams]
Hm.
Nasty stuff.
[screams]
-[grunts]
-[woman screams]
[growls]
-[Ratko shouts]
-[all scream]
[grunts]
The Belmont.
I was hoping for a proper win.
Don't you mean a proper fight?
No.
Because I'm going to win.
[grunts]
[Ratko yells]
[metal ringing]
[chittering]
Where is it?
Where's the fucking thing?
[sobbing]
Looking for a big mirror.
There's writing on the frame.
Things disappear through it.
No?
[bones crack]
Bloody useless.
Now, how am I supposed
to orchestrate
the return of Dracula himself
if you won't help me
find the fucking mirror?
[yells]
[army yelling]
[wails]
[grunts]
[yells]
[men screaming]
Didn't I leave some archers
around here somewhere?
At the vampires.
[groans]
[yells]
I believe we have their attention.
I think we pissed them off.
[roars]
[gasps]
[whimpering]
[man screams]
[roars]
[all scream]
[crowd screaming]
[snarls]
[roars]
[yells]
Time to go indoors?
Oh, I very much think so.
Inside. Fall back.
Inside.
[grunting]
[panting]
[door bolts unlatch]
-[loud bang]
-[both gasp]
[loud bang]
It may be a good idea
to drag as many heavy things
over to this door as we can.
[Greta]
And I want someone with a sword
next to every archer
at the windows.
And keep three steps back.
I assume those fuckers can climb.
I should have thought of that.
Lucky you have me here
to run your life for you now.
[loud banging continues]
What's that?
[loud banging]
[Alucard]
I'm not sure.
Come on.
[banging continues]
Why here?
What's here?
My childhood room.
Just stay back.
It will be quicker and easier
for everyone.
What in hell are you doing?
I am opening a door
into the Infinite Corridor.
I think his mind has gone.
The Infinite Corridor
is a fairy tale.
It most certainly is not.
Young lady, the Infinite Corridor
is a passage to other worlds.
It is, however,
very hard to control.
I am truly sorry
that the souls of your people
are being sacrificed
to the cause,
but they would have died
of rickets or angry badgers
soon enough anyway.
[Alucard]
This is death magic.
You're using
the energies of death to...
[Saint Germain] To open the corridor
and direct a portal to hell.
And I need this spot here,
where I presume
you killed your father,
to anchor the connection.
My father?
I'm bringing him back from hell.
And your mother.
You're welcome
to stay and watch.
You can wave if you like.
I am going to fucking murder you!
No, I don't think so.
You see,
in Lindenfeld I saw
that a many-souled
creature of magic
can control the corridor.
I, Saint Germain,
am going to pull Dracula
and Lisa Tepes out of hell,
fuse their souls together
and lock them inside the body
of a Rebis.
[Greta]
Who's Rebis?
[Alucard] It's a word
for a hermaphrodite creature.
A body that is both
man and woman.
[Saint Germain]
The pinnacle of alchemy.
An ultimate entity.
Drop this shield
and I will let you live.
I can't control the corridor
while I'm in there.
I'm not strong enough.
But a many-souled creature...
a fusion of vampire
and human, even,
that would be a mechanism
to exert control
over the corridor.
Vampire and human
who were already closely bonded.
It was obvious, really.
Why, man?
What possible reason?
Two reasons.
The woman I love
is lost somewhere
in the Infinite Corridor.
And I am an alchemist.
I seek the perfection of knowledge,
the achievement
of the great work,
the magnum opus,
which can be reached
by the creation of the Rebis,
the divine hermaphrodite,
the fusion of male and female
into an alchemical creature
of perfect power and knowledge.
And I can fucking ride it, Alucard.
I create it. I bind it.
I own it.
I will find my love.
I will command
the Infinite Corridor.
I will have complete access
to a million different worlds.
Like God.
[people screaming]
[loud banging continues]
We can't stay here.
The fight is downstairs.
I once observed
to Sypha Belnades
that God had quite
gone out of fashion.
God is now standing
right in front of you.
And soon, very, very, soon...
he's going to have sex again.
[loud banging continues]
[people screaming]
[roars]
Good trick,
but you threw away your sword.
[sighs]
I'd better go and get it.
[grunts]
[screams]
Protect the people.
Don't wait for them to get hurt.
I know you know how to do this.
Ah!
[grunts]
[roars]
I thought you might at least
be sporty, you know.
I'm tired.
And you shouldn't play
with your food.
[chuckles]
[grunts]
[Ratko]
Look at that.
It's like watching your little life
being chipped away
down to the bone, isn't it?
[grunts]
[grunting]
[gasps]
-[grunting]
-[swords clashing]
[Ratko]
More than a year I've been here,
pretending to be
the useful flunky.
Pretending not to be who I am.
Do you know what that's like?
Hiding my skills.
Hiding my mind.
Pretending not to be the best
vampire war fighter
of the last 300 years,
in case it upset somebody.
[grunts]
And now Varney can fuck off
to give Dracula handjobs
for the rest of time
and I can get on
with what I'm good at.
[yells]
[wheezes]
Killing you.
-Did you fucking touch me?
-[both whimper]
Did you dare fucking touch me?
[Ratko screams]
[blade slices]
[woman gasps]
[grunts]
[Zamfir]
You are not the apocalypse.
You are just a man.
And my people will survive you.
I am fucking immortal.
Nobody is immortal.
Fuck your lies!
[both grunt]
[screams]
[sizzling]
[gasps and pants]
[gasps]
Finish it for me.
[snarling]
[grunts]
[yells]
Where is it?
I'm talking to you,
you dusty shits.
[gasps]
Well, you clever bastards.
[breathes weakly]
Are you all right?
Probably not. You?
Nothing a year in bed wouldn't cure.
Hm. Oh, God.
What now?
Varney of London.
Your conspirator and benefactor.
I have come to personally
supervise this...
this...
-"This"?
-Well, I was--
Actually, I was looking
for a really big word.
You seem clever,
and it's important that you know
that I'm clever too.
Sir, I am certain
your wit is as suave
as your unique personal stench.
Suave? Oh, suave.
Well, that's a short word, isn't it?
I mean, I appreciate that.
How about "epochal event"?
-Huh?
-Well, suit yourself.
[Trevor]
I recognize that.
The point of view is moving.
Why's that?
The mirror's location lock
is drifting.
If we're going to go,
we're going to have to go now.
Ready?
Hell, no.
But when's that ever stopped us?
[chuckles]
[ominous music playing]
[eight-bit music playing]
[high-pitched voice]
Frederator!